Hello, hello, hello. It's 10.07 a.m. recording time Eastern Standard Time Tuesday, March
12th year 2024. He's tonic.live, Mark Coolack. And today we have a very special guest. Her
name is Leslie Bats. I've met her several months ago in person. And we had some wonderful
conversation about some of the experience that she has been through and the work that
she is doing right now. But I think I would prefer my and to hear to for her to be able
to share in her own words her introduction and to introduce us to her story.
So welcome, welcome, Leslie Bats. And I met Leslie Bats through a mutual friend, Marie
Clark, who I've interviewed at least twice on this show from New Hampshire. And if those
of you are familiar with the story of Marie, you know that she had a very serious situation
where she was diagnosed with with COVID. And she was in the hospital. And she was concerned
about the medical procedures that were there about to start with her some of the medications.
And she did not have an advocate. And this was from a story back in 2021, I believe.
And of course, the reason why she shared her story was to encourage people to have an
advocate before they go into emergency care. Don't do it alone. And the people that she's
met afterwards and organized with, if you will, or collaborated with along that journey included
Leslie. And that's how Leslie came to my attention. So Leslie, welcome to the show.
Thank you, sir. Good morning. Good morning. We've only met in person once before. I think
was at the Children's Health Defense Conference in late 2023. And there you shared the story
with me, your husband. And yes, I think there's two things we'd like to capture today is,
is that story as well? Of course, any messages that you would have for other people so that
to to help avoid a similar thing or what to do going forward. And I would also hope during
the show to talk about some of the activity that you have participated within in, I believe,
a state of Oklahoma. So so so please, can you introduce yourself to the audience?
Well, up until October of 2021, I was just a stay at home mom. I had a very normal life,
husband, son, little farm rural Oklahoma. I had what I thought was, for me, a perfect life.
And that month of that year, my husband went out of town for work and he came home and
began showing symptoms. We thought it was the flu. His co-worker, the next morning tested positive
for COVID. We stayed at home and treated at home with what we thought were all of the right
things. Ivermectin, azithromycin, vitamins, but I don't think at that time, we were using high
enough dosages. I think it was a little too late and a little too little when we got started.
So on the 9th of October, I had ended up having to take him to the emergency room because I wasn't
able to find him any at home oxygen. The biggest mistake that I made was putting a pulse oximeter
on his finger. I had taken care of my mother in respiratory failure for three years. So I was
kind of familiar with oxygen saturations and the level where you start running into the danger
zone when oxygen starts getting a little low and he dropped down into the 70s. So I knew at that
point, he needed to be on oxygen. There was just no question about it. Because we were so rural,
we didn't have a whole lot of options for treatment. All we had was the emergency room. So I took him
to the emergency room and cushing. And he was actually doing really well. They put him on 10
liters of oxygen. He was saturating well, no labored breathing. He wasn't cyanotic. He, you know,
there were no symptoms as far as distress. Anything else says fever. He really didn't. He had a fever
the previous week. At the time he reached the emergency room, it was low grade, maybe 99. And
after they put him on the oxygen at 10 liters and a breathing treatment, he was doing great. So when
I got the phone call two hours later, because they wouldn't allow me to go in because he was exposed
for, you know, I was exposed and he was positive. But as he got out of the car, the last words he
said to me, or do not let them put me on event. And I said, Okay, maybe you got it. I didn't expect
him to be staying. I expected them to send him home after, you know, the breathing treatment and
maybe send him home with some oxygen. They chose to admit him. And they transferred him from cushing
Oklahoma to Tulsa, Oklahoma, to the ICU. With your knowledge? They told me they didn't ask me. They
just simply said, we're transferring him. I couldn't understand why I kept asking them, is he in
distress? Well, no, but just in case he decompensates, we want him to be in a higher level of care. Were
you back at home now? Because you're staying at home mom? Or were you at the hospital at this point?
It's now 10 30 at night. And my son and I are sitting in the car in the parking lot at the
emergency room waiting for him to come out. So I said, Well, how are you treating? How's he getting
to Tulsa? They said, well, he's going by ambulance. I said, Okay, I'm assuming regular standard ambulance.
I said, Well, great. I'll run back to the house and I can meet the ambulance on the way there to give
him his charger and everything because I have to get my home my son home to bed. And I'll just come
see him in the morning. She says, you can't go into the ICU in Tulsa. She says, it's a closed ward
because it's COVID. It's isolation. I said, Well, then I definitely need to get this to him now.
On the way, she says, but we're here fighting him. We're sending him by lifelight. I said,
Why are you sending him by lifelight if he's stable? And her response was, well, in case he
decompensates, we don't we can't intubate him in the ambulance. I said, you're not going to
intubate him. He's already told you and I've told you, you witnessed him telling me don't let
them put me on a vent. So it didn't really make any sense. But he apparently agreed to it.
And their work. Yes, in their words. He didn't question it. And he wouldn't because he wasn't
really that knowledgeable when it came to medical care. I kind of was the one who made the decisions
and and again, they never asked me. They just told me. At that point, I contacted the ICU,
spoke with the nurse there as he was getting off of the hell. It took 10 minutes to get him there
as he was getting off of the helicopter. And I told them, place a D and I do not intubate
order on his chart immediately. They agreed. We texted back and forth. He and I, he got settled.
And I said, okay, well, he's stable. Everything's fine. They're just keeping him for observation,
I guess, and I went to bed woke up the next morning. He was doing very well. But what I found out was
they had increased his oxygen. He was in the emergency room on 10 liters of oxygen. He was
transported on 10 liters of oxygen. But the moment he was admitted, they increased it to 60 liters.
No, I don't know if you're very familiar with oxygen toxicity.
But the symptoms of oxygen toxicity are shortness of breath, rapid respiration rate,
and coughing, which are all symptoms supposedly of COVID as well. On the tank, he was doing very
well. Everything was going fine. He's sitting up. We're video calling each other. Everything looks
great. At 4.20 in the morning on the 11th, they started sedating him without telling you they're
one of us. And the sedative that they were using, the prosthetics apparently was causing chest pain
because of something called a basis phasm. So they started administering morphine on top of it
to cover the pain. They started at a very low dose of sedative. I spoke with him that morning by
text because he now had a bypass on because he was short of breath and had a rapid respiration.
And they continued the 60 liters of oxygen even on the bypass mask.
The last text message I received from him on the 11th was they won't stop asking me about
intubation and I'm starting to lose my cool. At that point,
apparently he had refused to sign all of the consent forms for intubation and the arterial
catheter, central line placement, all of the procedures he refused to sign any consent forms
for it. They started increasing the sedative until they literally isolated him and I.
He didn't know he was being sedated because his IV pump was outside of his room and around the
quarter of the wall. He couldn't see what it was being administered. They did not tell me
that they were sedating him. As I'm trying to reach him, I'm calling the nurses and said he's
not answering his phone. What is going on? And I'm being told, well, he's watching TV and he's
evening dinner. He's just he's refusing to speak with you. He doesn't want to talk to you anymore.
I said, I'm coming to the hospital. You can't come married a long time.
You know somebody you know that that's not something that he would do.
No, because the the text message immediately prior to they won't stop asking me about
intubation was, I love you, babe. And I told him, I said, I love you too.
So there wasn't any reason why he would refuse to speak to me. So I told them I was coming to the
hospital. They said, you can't come here. You'll be arrested. So at that point, I have to make
a choice between taking care of my child because we had no family. I did in Oklahoma. I had no
one there that could watch my son before me while I went to the hospital. And I was sick too. My
son and I were both very sick at this point. So I was kind of had my hands tied. There wasn't a
whole lot I could do. I started calling the administration for the hospital. I started calling
the patient advocate. I was screaming and yelling at everybody. I could get to answer the phone
saying they're supposed to be a do not order or do not intubate order on the chart. Why are they
harassing him about intubation? All you're going to do is make him angry and he'll get up and he'll
walk out. And I couldn't get any response from anyone. So I continued trying to reach him and
the nurses throughout the night. By noon, actually, I believe it was 1240 something on the 12th,
I receive a phone call from the doctor telling me that my husband's given consent to intubation.
Let me take a step back. On the 11th, the very first contact I had from that doctor was a phone
call from him and when I answered the phone, he said, is this Ms. Bats? I said, yes. And he said,
I hope you're vaccinated because your husband's getting ready to go on a ventilator for a month
and then he's going to be in rehab for a year if he survives. And somebody needs to be alive to
take care of him. I said, he's not going to go on a ventilator for a, there's a D and I order
on the chart. And my medical status is between myself and my doctor. He said, yeah, but if you're
vaccinated, you won't get sick. I said, that's not true. So the doctor was suggesting that his
illness might have been because of his medical status. He was unvaccinated.
And interestingly, what I found out later was this particular doctor has a YouTube video
that he has put out in that YouTube video. Now, the video was August of 2021. My husband was
admitted in October of 2021. And this video talks about how all of this misinformation about
the vaccine, you got to go get it. It's safe. It's effective. Don't listen to the lies. If you
come into my ICU and you're unvaccinated, you're in big trouble. Because if I have to put you on a
ventilator, you're not going to survive. We haven't had anybody survive for months.
And he personally told me that they'd only ever had two people ever come off of it in his unit.
Only two people ever survived a ventilator.
So one would think that that should be in and of itself reason to not use it.
The next question could be, of course, it's hard to know the right questions to ask in this
situation. But what's the survival rate if you don't use event?
They don't know because everybody went on the vent. And I told him, that was when it got a little
unpleasant. And I told him, I said, well, then you're not very good at your job. Are you?
I fired him. But he told me at that point that he I couldn't fire him because he was the only
critical care doctor that could take care of my hospital. I said, you're the only doctor in that
hospital that can treat my husband. And he said, yes.
So he and I fought the entire duration of my husband's hospital stay. I fired him multiple times.
It wasn't a good relationship with the doctor at all.
So at this point on the 12th, he calls me and he tells me that my husband has given consent to
the intubation and I called him a liar. Said, I don't believe you.
I want to hear this from him. I haven't spoken to my husband in over 24 hours. I've had no contact
with him. He is going to tell me this himself. I immediately call his phone on video.
And someone picks the video up. I cannot see my husband's hands. I think at this point he's
being restrained physically as well as chemically. He seems disoriented.
Just he's speaking something, but I can't understand him because a BIPAP mask covers everything.
So I can't understand what he's saying. And the video called last 31 seconds and then we're
disconnected. The doctor immediately calls me back. Again, trying to get my consent. I said,
you've said he's consented. If he has given consent, you don't need my consent. There will
be a signed consent form on the chart. I've seen my husband clearly. Again, I don't know he's being
sedated at this point or that he's been under any medication. So I'm assuming there's no reason
he can't sign a form if that's what his wishes are.
They hang up with me and two minutes after our call and they administer a paralytic to put my
husband into respiratory arrest. At the time that we were on the phone, the doctor and I,
my husband's oxygen saturation was at a 91%. There is no clinical reason to intubate someone
at a 91% oxygen saturation. He goes on the ventilator and they're giving me the very
standard updates for the 12th and the 13th. And then on the 14th, because I'm still
trying to get my husband moved out of this hospital, trying to get him transferred somewhere else,
trying to get anything done, the
the doctor calls me and says, would you like to come visit him now? And it was a slap in the face.
I was going to be arrested if I tried to come help my husband before he went on a ventilator.
But now that he's on a ventilator, it's okay for me to come in and to visit him. They knew
I was still sick. And that was okay.
So I'm able to come to the hospital now and see my husband. When I get there, there are
a tremendous amount of injuries on his face and upper body. His nose has been cut open
and the skin's kind of kind of flayed for lack of a better term. He's bruised
he looks like he's been in a bar fight. And I asked him about these injuries and
they told me that intubation was a violent procedure. I said, no, it's not. My mother in
respiratory failure, she had been on a ventilator probably a dozen times and I never saw her look
like this. And they said, well, it's a metal blade and it curves and it can be a violent procedure.
So they never explained any of these injuries. They never documented anything but the nose wound
in his records or what happened leading up to any of this. As a matter of fact, the doctor never
documented any reason for intubating him. It just simply said, patient is now intubated. He never
said why, never said that, you know, he was in acute distress, never mentioned anything about
the conversation. My husband giving consent never mentions the conversation with me refusing to
give consent. None of that is document. At that point, I visited him on the 14th and on the 15th.
I'm not able to come see him on the 16th because there's no one to watch my son that day. He saw
him from school. His lasted, his symptoms were, they came and went very quickly actually because we
caught him in time to get him started on the medications and he was all better, no fever,
going back to school. On the 16th, based on what I've been able to find in the medical records,
my husband woke up and he extubated, he pulled the tube out.
They reparrelized him because they were starting to lighten his sedation because they figured,
you know, he's calm, he's not fighting anything. Well, somebody wasn't paying attention and he woke
up. They re-intubated him and the doctor ordered a sedation goal of a RAS negative five. Now,
the way I understand it, based on people I've spoken with, a negative five should never be a
sedation goal. It's like the warning sign. It's the danger zone. If you evaluate a patient
and they're at a negative five, you should actually reverse what you're doing, decrease the medications
and that's something to stay away from, not something to shoot for or make a goal.
So if I may, a negative five means more sedated and closer to being sedated to the point of
passing out. Over to. Yeah, thanks. It's actually based on brain activity.
They break this chart up and yes, the negative five is between 20 and 30. A negative four, I believe,
is between 40, 30 and 40. A negative three is between 30 and 50. So it kind of,
for the brain activity, that's, they have a monitor on them to monitor their brain activity.
So it's a negative five, which as you say is, should not be a goal. It's a sign that it's as far as you
should go and definitely try to be tailoring back or winding it back. Okay. Absolutely.
Um, so at this point, he orders the sedation goal of arrest negative five. They
increase all of the medications, the fentanyl, medazoleum, propofol, nimbec,
presidex, and one other. I don't know. It was, there was another one for, I'll look at right
up my head. One thing that's not included is noteworthy. And it is a noteworthy part of the
story. It was, was not any of the giliadromdesivir, which is often times, and I made this mistake
thinking that it was a, it was always a part of this procedure. But in your case, it was not to
the best year knowledge. And you've, you've attained the records, which is a lot of people
don't even try to, but you have those records and you sent me excerpts of them. So you've gone
through this line by line, minute by minute. Yes. Well, that was, that was the thing. The only
reason I got the medical records was because I was looking for that consent form. I just
wanted to see the consent form to see that it was signed based on my conversation with the doctor
and what I knew about my husband. I didn't believe him. And in my worldview, I always thought
informed consent was required. It was required by law. It's, it's your basic right to have informed
consent for any procedure, any treatment. And if you didn't have that, that was a crime
because it was battery. So what I found after I got the medical records was all of the rest of
this. I had no idea when he was in the hospital, any of this had even happened. They never told me
he woke up on the 16th. They never told me he was being sedated. They never told me that after this
event, where they start with the fentanyl, the medazzle, and the propofolvent index, they maxed out
all of those medications. They actually exceeded the hospital's dosing limits. For fentanyl,
the hospital's dosing limit is supposed to be 200 micrograms per kilogram an hour.
He was on 250. The pharmacy actually removed all of the dosing instructions from the labels.
The doctor ordered these drugs. It would be like going to the drugstore and then handing you a
bottle of oxycontin with a blank label on it with no dosing instructions, just saying here you go,
take it however you want, or give it however you want. So the pharmacy released these medications
with no dosing instructions, no limits, no parameters, nothing. And they overrode that section
in order to be able to do this. And within a few hours, his brain activity level reaches zero.
So they've effectively overdosed my husband to the point where they shut his brain off.
He did regain brain activity, but from that point forward, it was so erratic.
And I'm not a doctor. I really need someone who has knowledge in this to help me go through these
things, but it appears based on the fact that he goes from a three to a 75 to a 40, like minute to
minute. It's either akin to seizure activity or a brain injury that his brain is literally just
kind of misfiring, because it doesn't make any sense. From the prior to the over prior to this
incident, it's pretty, you know, it's a pretty slow wave as things rise, you know, brain activity
rises and falls. This is straight up and down. You know, his activity is it's really unusual
and very erratic. So I'm trying to find perhaps a neurologist somebody that can
interpret the information for me so that I can understand exactly what it means.
For people who are watching this, if you are or you know someone who could volunteer their time,
reach out to me and I will pass that information on to Leslie.
Thank you. And obviously, you never wanted to be in this situation. But here we are.
And I know you're trying to help others. And I think highlighting the fact that
you trusted the system. I mean, no one. Yes. But you were not overly skeptical. You assumed
the best decisions would be made. And like most people, you weren't aware of what could have been
happening. And that put you at a disadvantage as a caretaker, as most people would be.
And I'm sure there's many people who afterwards still did not collect the records because they
still they, well, you're dealing with the grief, the tragedy, how do you move on and so on. And
recollecting that I think is important to help other people open up to perhaps something that
may have happened to them or someone that they know. And that's exactly it. Again,
I never would have questioned anything. It didn't seem right. But
at the same time, you have to understand at that time period, we're all being the fear porn was
insane. Oh, yes. And the doctors were short handed at the hospitals, and they're short staffed. And
you know, all of these terrible things are going on. And COVID is so bad, you can't go,
even though my husband and I have been sleeping in the same bed, I can't now go see him in the hospital
because he has COVID makes no sense. But so you, you, your conditioned myself, my mother was a nurse.
She was an emergency room nurse. I was conditioned my whole life to believe doctors are the good guys.
These are the ones that that you can trust. These are the ones that no matter what,
they're going to take care of you. And it's funny because we can believe that
police officers can do bad things. We can believe that teachers can do bad things. We can believe that
that creatures can do bad things. But for some reason, it is ingrained in us that doctors are
infallible. You know, maybe they make mistakes every now and then, but they're not bad people.
They all want to do this because they all want to help. They all want to fix you. They all want to
take care of you. They do this because they love the idea of helping people. That was what I was
conditioned to believe. And this was a completely different time.
It is was right after they had rolled out the vaccine mandates for health care workers and so
in the military. And so what they did effectively was remove everyone from the hospital system
that would sympathize with an unvaccinated patient. Everyone that was left was under the
impression had had drunk the Kool-Aid. If you don't take this vaccine, you want to kill your
grandmother. We all saw Jimmy Kimmel and his vaccinated patients don't even deserve a hospital
bed kind of thing. This was the mentality. You weren't human. You were less than human
if you didn't follow along and get vaccinated. You didn't care about your fellow man.
So this idea permeated the entire health care system.
And what I also found was with the exception of the doctor that treated my husband,
most of the nursing staff had been licensed to nurse within the time of COVID since 2020.
And it's interesting because it appears that they moved the nurses that they thought would have a
heart for lack of a better term out of the COVID works. And they put the new nurses in that had
no frame of reference of what health care would have been prior to COVID. And they got on the job
training in a system that was already in crisis.
When I've been working with some of these other
widows and people who have lost family members, the stories are so similar between what happened
with my husband, what happened with their husband. There's always the over oxygenation on admission.
The minute that they're admitted, they're always increased the oxygen supply. They almost always
are being sedated at very least 24 hours prior to the time of intubation.
Now, pracidex is actually a sedative design specifically for intubation. That's its purpose.
It's not intended to be used for more than 24 hours because it can cause side effects.
Bradycardia, tachycardia, hypertension, hypotension, transient, cardiac events.
Just there's a tremendous number of side effects that come along with this particular drought.
So it's supposed to be designed specifically for use in an intubation.
They're determining, like I said, 24 hours ahead of time when they're going to
intubate these patients because they're already sedating them for it.
There are plenty of medications they can use for anxiety.
But none of these patients are actually being documented as having anxiety.
They're just all of a sudden they're delirious for no reason whatsoever.
It comes out of nowhere. And that delirium's not even documented.
They just start sedating them. Supposedly. That's the story that you're given is that
well, they would only sedate a patient if they were anxious or argumentative or agitated.
But none of that's being documented in these records anywhere prior to the sedative.
So I don't like to speculate, but it certainly sounds like the moment they have a positive
COVID admission, they're placed on this path that only has one way to go.
And that's straight to a ventilator.
And they know the ventilator leads to death.
Have you seen anything which would suggest
that had your husband, I'm going to presume,
been vaccinated against COVID, that there might have been a different path for his treatment?
I haven't personally, because I haven't reviewed any records of anyone who was vaccinated
and ended up in this situation. I've been told that there were two different treatment protocols.
There was a treatment protocol for vaccinated patients, and there was a treatment protocol
for unvaccinated patients. This is what I've heard.
And I know a lot of this evidence is anecdotal, but at some point,
things when you have 10 different medical records or sets of medical records,
and they all indicate the same treatment, and the treatment had nothing to do with a respiratory illness.
There was nothing done, but the steroids were inadequate.
The breathing treatments weren't being done.
Patients were being admitted and they needed blood.
Their platelet count was ridiculously low, but they're never administered a blood transfusion.
Patients going in with heart attacks, but they're not treating the patient for the heart attack.
They're simply treating for a respiratory illness, and they're not even treating adequately for that.
So all of these other diagnoses that they're going in for,
even though they happen to treat test positive for COVID, COVID becomes the focus and everything
else gets completely ignored. We have a doctor here in Florida who was actually a patient in the
hospital, and he survived. He literally walked out of the hospital in a hospital gown. They
wouldn't return his clothes. They tried to bake or act him, and they tied him to his bed
because he was trying to advocate for his roommate and save his roommate. His roommate had bacteria
on pneumonia, but they weren't giving him any antibiotics. They were literally letting him
drown in pneumonia. Because they had a virus. So he's reviewing his roommate's medical record,
and he's seeing that this patient has bacterial pneumonia, but the doctors in hospital are
ignoring the treatment for the bacterial pneumonia and allowing this patient to just die.
He actually reviewed my husband's medical records, and he said, this is premeditated murder.
The infectious disease doctor is ordering labs to do diagnostic and create a treatment plan,
and the pulmonologist is completely ignoring and won't allow those labs to be ordered or drawn.
For seven days, the infectious disease doctor is saying, I need this, this, this, and this,
so I can create a treatment plan for this infectious disease, and the pulmonologist is refusing to
allow the infectious disease doctor to create a treatment plan. He said, this is premeditated
murder, and he actually was kind enough to draw up a letter and address it to the attorney general
as we deliver our petition. He said, please take this and submit this with your petition,
and he drew up a letter and told the attorney general that what this doctor had done was no
less than premeditated murder and explained it. So at this point,
I've gotten the medical records, and I'm at a complete loss. I don't know what to do.
I can prove that they had no consent to treat my husband with a ventilator, to do the procedure,
and in my mind, that's a crime, that's battery. I can prove that they did nothing to actually help
him, and everything they did caused harm. So I went to the medical board to file a complaint,
I filed a complaint with the hospital, I filed a complaint with the nursing board,
I filed a complaint with CMS because of their conditions of participation. There were certain
things that were required by federal regulation that weren't done by the hospital.
I went to the health department, I went to the accrediting agency, and I went to the police
department. And every single one of them said, our hands are tight, we don't have any authority
to do anything. It's a civil matter, get an attorney. Well, we're all familiar with the prep
act, I'm sure, and then we're granted civil immunity. So they've literally been given a pass
to commit murder for hire.
And it's terrifying that these things can be done, and there's absolutely no recourse.
That's why we ended up going the route of the petition.
To bring these things to the attorney general's attention and bring the evidence, and maybe we
can get a grand jury of regular old citizens who possibly, you know, I mean, if 20,000 people died
with COVID in Oklahoma, maybe one of the people sitting on that jury will go, hey,
you know, this sounds an awful lot like what happened to me.
And they'll be more interested in looking into it and wanting to get some answers.
Now, after this event, you don't immediately transition into being a
citizen activist, if you will, you have a funeral, you have a memorial service to plan for your
husband's friends and family. There's lost income to deal with. There's a variety of legal
matters. And this is a, that's months. That's months where all of that is the priority on top of
the shock. And an eight year old child. Your best friend is gone. Your best friend, your partner's
gone. So, so again, so, so while this continues to happen with other people, with other victims,
this is where your priorities have to be. When did you first decide to make a full request for
these records? How long afterwards?
The first set of records I received on November 15th, was that by the guy or they
violent. It was by request. I got his death certificate. You're not allowed to request the
records until you have a copy of the death certificate. I got the death certificate, I believe it was
on November 10th. And I went back to the hospital to request the records on November 15th.
Because for my own peace of mind, I had to see that kid sent for. I don't know. It was an obsession
for me. Of course. Because I knew I knew I had said no. I knew I had refused. I knew my husband
didn't want it. So, were you feeling any guilt here? Like maybe you worded something wrong?
My guilt was that I knew he wasn't symptomatic. I knew he wasn't showing any signs of low oxygen.
He wasn't, he didn't have blue lips or blue fingernails. He wasn't disoriented. He wasn't
argumentative or belligerent. He got up. He got dressed. He walked out to the car. He got in the car.
He didn't want to go. But he understood that when I was telling him a 77 is too low. You need
oxygen. Or, you know, it starts affecting cells and tissue and, you know, lack of oxygen to the
brain. But again, he wasn't symptomatic of any of these things. It was simply that number on that
pulse oximeter. So that's one of your $25 device. Yeah, provided me. How would you say a
objective piece of data which was used to guide your decision. You're doing the best that you
have been educated to do. And it's interesting because we get sick all the time. You know,
I mean, you'll get the, you'll get the flu or you'll get a cold. Why? It was so vital for me to
have that piece of equipment to tell me my husband was okay. I've never put a pulse ox on his finger
for, you know, any other respiratory illness. He may, that may have been what happened to him
when he got sick. His pulse ox would drop into this. I don't know because he never looked that
bad. But because of this climate of fear that, you know, surrounded everything COVID.
I felt like that was what I needed to do to make sure that he didn't crash on me.
When I wasn't expecting it, I didn't know what COVID looked like. I didn't care anything about
COVID. To be honest, to that point, we didn't really believe that it even existed.
And I still have my doubts. I still question whether this was just some
very, very strong version of a flu or an ammonia or something along those lines.
And how something just comes out of nowhere, you know, and there's the theories and I don't know
that I buy into any of them. But he may have had, you know, oxygen or gas exchange problems every
time he got sick and I never would have known it. I have a tremendous amount of guilt every day.
I live with the fact that he didn't want to go to the hospital.
Subjectively, he showed none of the symptoms that would have led me to take him to the hospital
had it not been for that pulse oximeter. And what I did felt like I gave him a death sentence
after I found out what happened in those records. Until I got the records, I had no idea. I thought,
okay, well, it must have been COVID. He must have been sicker than I thought he was.
Because that's what I was being told. The nurses, the doctors, everybody was giving me this
story. They had a script that they followed. Oh, he's doing well today. But we're having
problems now with his kidneys. We're having problems now with, you know, his potassium. We're
having problems now with, and I bought it. Because I didn't think they had any reason to lie to me.
We're in Oklahoma. You know, these people are our neighbors at the hospital. These people,
their kids go to our school with our kids. You know, it's as red, it's as deep red as you can get,
you know, as far as a Republican state. And we don't buy into that kind of stuff. I mean,
my son's never been vaccinated. I had a healthy skepticism of the medical industry
from the very beginning. I've never had him vaccinated.
So I thought I was pretty aware. I thought I was fairly knowledgeable. I thought I was well
read and researched. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter when you're being lied to. It doesn't matter
when there is that fear of the unknown. When there's something that you're being told is out
there that no one has ever seen before, that you have no idea what to expect. It could be this. It
could be that you could be walking dead and fall out in the middle of the street or you could have
no symptoms. The spectrum was so broad. You had no way to expect anything. You didn't know, okay,
well, if I get to this point, then I'm really sick and I need to see a doctor. Or if I just
have a cough, I'm okay. There's no frame of reference when you're dealing with something that is
brand new and nobody, you know, the 24 seven death tickers on the TV and imagine if you're a
hypochondriac, if you're someone who is a worry well, I don't believe you are. Every time you
you feel a little tired, a little winded, digestion isn't working, your temperature's up, your temperature's
down, whatever the case, maybe this is the COVID. And there's this right that's a steel term on this
illusion of consensus between every channel. And sadly, even amongst both political parties,
to an extent that is horrifying. But for even people who aren't, look, I as much as I've read
and was aware, even in 2020, 2021, it still would not have taken much for even me. The right symptoms,
I don't know the right situation to go. Now is the time to maybe, I don't know, I've heard things
about the hospital, but maybe it'll work out better for us, you know. Well, and I was convinced I knew
all the right questions to ask, I knew, I knew enough, be based on my history taking care of my
mother with the respiratory failure. I knew how to monitor his status, if I had been given
accurate information, if I had been told the truth about anything,
I would have had, I would have had more options as far as making decisions.
But there was no truth. There was no truth anywhere. There wasn't any truth on the TV. There wasn't
any truth. Even alternate news wasn't giving the whole truth. It's interesting, because there's a few
voices like yours and JJ's and a few others that are willing to discuss the possibility that
maybe even you were wrong at some point. And when somebody's not, I'm willing to admit I'm wrong
all the time. You can't advance, you can't move forward. If you can't prove yourself wrong,
you have to. You can't say that you've learned anything or any nobody can say that they've
learned anything. If they don't look back at themselves in the past and go, wow, what was I
thinking? And what I've said in the past is on video. Well, that's it to be able to go back and
review and to say, I could have been mistaken. There's a possibility that maybe what I was thinking
wasn't exactly how it was. And there's nothing wrong with that. That's admirable,
because that's something that you can take some measure of integrity with. Somebody that's never
wrong has no integrity. I'm sorry. Yeah, that's a great way of putting it. And my audience and
for everyone to feel comfortable with looking at what they believed or being willing to challenge
what they people do not like to be proven wrong. It's inherently wrong. I can't explain why.
Perhaps it makes us think that perhaps our brain isn't working properly. So we defend
what we believe vigorously. Yeah, nobody ever wants to be
nobody ever wants to admit they've made a mistake. Because if you've made a mistake,
then you did something foolish and nobody wants to look and face themselves and say,
you're not the person you thought you were. Or, but, and like I said, I thought I was
pretty well informed. I always looked at the vaccine. The reason we didn't take it is because
they always said follow the science, but they never showed you the science. And I said, okay,
if you're telling me to follow the science, but you're not showing me the science,
that's not science, that's manipulation. Correct. Correct.
So you're manipulating me and I don't, I don't take well to that. I don't like to be manipulated.
Again, I was, I just didn't realize I was. And now the anxiety that it comes and the trauma that
comes along with knowing that I was fooled, that they were able to pull this off right under my
nose. There is a level of anxiety with every aspect of my life now.
I, it's a PTSD. It really is because now I have a child and I'm scared to death. He plays
football. If he breaks his arm and I have to take him to the emergency room to have his arm set
and they give him a COVID test. Are they going to admit him? Are they going to try to administer
remdesivir? And if I argue with that, am I going to be declared an unfit parent? Am I going to lose
custody of my child? Because I won't agree with the hospital's course of treatment. They do this,
we know they do this. So I always, I now live with guilt, with anxiety, with fear, with trauma.
The only way that I can work through that is I've found that if I'm not being productive,
I'm being destructive. Parts of my life start to suffer if I'm not actively working
and fighting this fight. And I think that's a trauma response too.
But I can't leave this world for my son the way it is now without trying to make a change.
Amen.
How has this impacted your son and your husband's son?
My son is, he's a lot stronger than I am. He has been able to put this in a perspective that
I'm not capable of. He knows his dad's in heaven, watching down over him, keeping track of him.
But I, I, I grieve my husband and my relationship and my partner and my best friend.
But the fact that my son's father was stolen makes me angry because a boy needs a dad.
He needs that male role model. He's going to grow up
and need things that I'm not going to be able to provide. He's,
he's going to have questions that I won't be able to answer.
He's going to have problems that I can't solve.
And his father was such an amazing man. He was such a good father.
He, he coached his football, taught him baseball, took him hunting, went fishing with him,
you know, from the time he could walk, we were out with fish and bowls.
And it makes me angry, very, very angry that my son's future, his identity, who he's going
to grow into as a man has been permanently altered by the simple fact that he doesn't have his dad.
To guide him, to teach him to, I mean, I can help him understand how important it is to be a
gentleman, but I can't teach him what it means to be a man.
And that breaks my heart.
That's the part that hurts the most is, and my son didn't even have a choice.
He had no say in this matter at all. He couldn't have said,
Daddy, don't go to the hospital. He had no voice. Everything happened to him.
I apologize. That's, that's, that's the part that hurts the most.
It is a child whose
entire identity will be different without the influence of his dad.
So I fight for him. And that's all I can do.
So this happens to less other children as well.
How would people reach you if they want to,
if you are available for helping others in this capacity, conversations,
whatever, do you have a preferred email I can share or something?
It's Leslie bats at outlook.com. Okay, thank you.
Um, thank you Leslie so much for your time today for sharing this, your story.
If there's ever any more you want to share or updates, the door is open, of course, and
it's. Thank you for the work you do.
It doesn't feel like it's enough. Um, I'm sorry, I couldn't, I couldn't have helped your family more.
Sad thing is I don't think anyone could have.
Because we didn't know we didn't know what was happening in there.
No one did if you weren't inside.
None of us knew I didn't know you didn't know.
And, uh, we shouldn't feel guilt that you should not feel guilt that you didn't know.
And it's a false guilt. And I recognize that you can only,
you can only do what you can do with the information you have at the time.
And I made the best decisions that I could make with the information I had.
I just didn't have enough information.
And I want to try to make sure that the next person isn't in the same situation.
It doesn't fall into the same circumstance just because they didn't have enough information.
I think you're doing that. I think many people will see this. It will have a large reach. I hope.
I will fight for that.
Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. God bless.
God bless you as well. That's a very good interview. It's ill.
Take me maybe two days to go through the edits.
And that's fine. If there's any, I sent you a little bit of stuff.
If there's anything that catches your attention that you want documentation on,
I've got files and files and files and stuff on the computer. I can shoot over.
You know, I mean everything from the medication, FDA data, you know, access labels to oxygen
toxicity to pneumomediostinum, you know, ventilator injuries to the medical records.
So if there's anything that you want as far as that goes, just let me know and I'll be happy to get that to you.